README.md, before:

# AKAN PROJECT

#### Description
This project is to build a web application that takes a user's birthday and calculates the day of the week they were born and then depending on their gender outputs their Akan Name. Akan names are derived from Ghanian culture, where children are given their first name as a 'day name' which corresponds to the day in the week they were born.

## Project Author
Created on 4-03-2022, by TERRY MOCHIRE.

## Setup Instructions
The website will run on latest browser versions.
To contribute, or have the project as a base for your own, you can fork the project from GitHub then clone it to your local machine.

## Behaviour Driven Development
#### Specifications
- Calculate day of the week according to inputted Date of birth.
- Invalidate wrong dates inputted and promt the user to put in a correct date.
- Give Akan name based on gender and day of the week the user was born.

| Behaviour   | Input Example | Output Example   |
| :---        |    :----:   |          ---: |
| Wrong/invalid date    | 33-14-1987     | Not a valid Date   |
| Female User  | 23-04-1999   | Afua     |
| Male User    | 1-03-2000    |  Kwaku.  |


## Technologies Used
1. HTML
2. CSS
3. BOOTSTRAP
4. JAVASCRIPT

## Contact Information
* LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/in/terry-mochire/)
* Email (terrymochire@gmail.com)
* Slack Member Id -U031WPV9PRS

## Copyright and Licensing
Copyright (c) 2022 Terry-Mochire

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Edit README to add image and known bugs.

README.md, after:

# AKAN PROJECT

![Snapshot] (/images/Screenshot-2022-03-06-at-01.25.22.jpg)
#### Description
This project is to build a web application that takes a user's birthday and calculates the day of the week they were born and then depending on their gender outputs their Akan Name. Akan names are derived from Ghanian culture, where children are given their first name as a 'day name' which corresponds to the day in the week they were born.

## Project Author
Created on 4-03-2022, by TERRY MOCHIRE.

## Setup Instructions
The website will run on latest browser versions. Desired ViewPort is 1024px.
To contribute, or have the project as a base for your own, you can fork the project from GitHub then clone it to your local machine.

## Behaviour Driven Development
#### Specifications
- Calculate day of the week according to inputted Date of birth.
- Invalidate wrong dates inputted and promt the user to put in a correct date.
- Give Akan name based on gender and day of the week the user was born.

| Behaviour   | Input Example | Output Example   |
| :---        |    :----:   |          ---: |
| Wrong/invalid date    | 33-14-1987     | Not a valid Date   |
| Female User  | 23-04-1999   | Afua     |
| Male User    | 1-03-2000    |  Kwaku.  |


## Technologies Used
1. HTML
2. CSS
3. BOOTSTRAP
4. JAVASCRIPT

## Known Bugs
The page has not yet been designed to be responsive. Desired View Port is 1024px.
## Contact Information
* LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/in/terry-mochire/)
* Email (terrymochire@gmail.com)
* Slack Member Id -U031WPV9PRS

## Copyright and Licensing
Copyright (c) 2022 Terry-Mochire

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
